W-18156221-CH2-schedules (#279)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-manage-schedules.adoc

** If the value is a placeholder (such as `${cronExpression}`) that is provided at the time of deployment, the exact value of the placeholder doesn't appear in the user interface.
** CloudHub 2.0 uses a default value of `60000`.
* CloudHub 2.0 schedules run concurrently by default. The Scheduler triggers the execution of a schedule flow while a previously-triggered execution is still running. To run schedules sequentially, set the `disallowConcurrentExecution` property as `true` in the xref:mule-runtime::scheduler-concept.adoc#props_scheduler[scheduler] configuration file. 

> * By default, schedulers use the same timezone as the machine on which Mule is running. You can change it by adding the timezone you want. For more information, see xref:docs-code-builder::acb-component-scheduler.adoc#cron-attributes[Cron Attributes]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, schedulers use the same time zone as the machine on which Mule is running. You can change it by adding the time zone you want. For more information, see xref:docs-code-builder::acb-component-scheduler.adoc#cron-attributes[Cron Attributes]. 
```
